welcome to this new episode of the
plugin series
i am joshua the plug in today is no
cit plus chosen from fantasy 2001 tv a
plugin that allows us to know who
within our server used
the plugin is easily downloadable
from bucket and I am at the moment
using the 179 version that
works without problems in 17 10 the plug
in also a compact subroutine not
sheet glass is used to help the plugin
main in understanding and not going into
conflict with major plugins
existing or downloaded time for
proceed with the installation
all you have to do is move it e
copy it to the plug in folder
then start the server once
finished close it so that they are created from
main confin the plug in two rows of
configuration or the config and anointed
xt the txt will appear only after being
enter the server at least once
since it is nothing more than a lock instead
let's see the configurations in
which started we can choose if
enable notifications if enable the
then log the file we saw
first then how to call the professor
the plugin how to call the file itself
for itself and to fix them if the data
collected by the plugin should be deleted later
time if resistance is right in go
hidden to those without permits looking for
who to name the commands then we have
the immense part of the controls in which yes
decide how they will be executed Czech
precisely on the players all this part
easily customizable from
help page on the hackett site then
we have strings where it is possible
avoid what will appear to you
player some compatibility and blocks
ignored configuration and this does not
I have to see how the plugin behaves
in game the controls in play yes
they reach thanks to the command precisely
ncp slash where ncp info chile
information on violations therefore on
failed checks of the specific player on
no you make yourself off
It serves precisely to enable or not
to remove the notifications player player
is used to remove the data saved from
cech failed on some players
then there is the reload command that reloads
the plugin the lag that follow the tests
on
server version that gives us information
on the exceptions version showing the
exceptions to which the player belongs
except that allows us to make the
given player is not checked
for certain checks
we can also remove this from him
privilege with an except and then we have
of the reachability commands slash ncp
com mans who are nothing but ray ban
at the same time, for the kits
we can follow times or remove a
player
the ray analyst has time with whom
chris we can see which players
will be clicked with the time you can
send a message to a player
specific and with the dl and we can
execute a command with delay now
I want to give you some proof
practice of the plug-in utility
I at this time enabled the flai
it's not like you can see us allows
move and if I continue to use it
repeatedly I true that kato and will come
notification sent to the pin
the same applies for example to the
water walking as you can see it doesn't
do
this pair of tests concludes
this little tutorial I invite you to
leave a vote and a comment
maybe inherent in the plugin you would like
see you next time and we will
release next week